Now for this course section,
attached you find a starting project,
which you can download, extract,
and then run npm install in the extracted folder
to install all the dependencies this project needs.
And then npm start to start up that development server.
And once you do that, you'll be greeted
with this basic form with this basic input.
And that's what we're going to get started with.
It's this simple input component, which you're seeing.
We also have a basic form component
at which we'll take a look later
but we're going to start with this simple input.
And that is just a regular React component
returning some JSX.
To be precise returning a form element, a form tag,
and then one form input in there with a label and a button.
Now this course section will not be about
how to write forms when it comes to HTML.
So we're not going to dive
into which HTML elements you could use.
And we're not going to talk about accessibility here.
We're also not going to dive into the styling.
I provide some basic styling here for you
in this index CSS file, which gives us this look here.
But beyond that, it's up to you to of course style this
and structured this however you want.
In this course section, I really wanna focus on React
and what we do with React when it comes to forms
because after all this is a React course.
So what's difficult about forms though?